I don't want everyone's book to hit the j-day
nick. No sly
giant tree-the giant has a few seats. I don't have time to equip you guys.
There is
a report that a giant has come tee Is it
more than 7 meters?
A giant covered with a response like a big one
tan
yeah yeah
good
I wondered if it was made with the power of the giant's effect.
Hanazuka Shut up or be clear
, so I can tell you the name of the person who was ordered to monitor by day.
That's the smallest child. He's
always with Ymir with long hair near him.
When you come and notice, it's a fishing system. That guy is a
giant
aname
par
once. It's a classic mobile device.
[Music]
tan
me Remember, the
snow mountain training sometimes promised.
Did the story fall when the Giants became a tracer of the greatness and killed them all? When I revealed the secret, you
provided the original name 7 for yourself  I wanted to live,
it was
Ymir
yeah
can
Scoon Mizuzo
[Music]
rar
tan
Christine
Everyone said it was down
I'll leave it to
us My name
history A I searched all night, but
at least Chlor from Trost Ward  There is nothing wrong with the wall during the bombing
We broke the wall five years ago
and started attacking humanity, it was a giant in armor, and this guy made his mouth bigger and our
purpose disappeared for all of this humanity
Ele You'll come with us It
seems we don't have to break the walls anymore If
you're a giant in armor who killed beasts-
Drink and give me such a consultation  I wonder why I have to
say it here
[Music]
ni I wonder if it's
tan
jan
ah ah ah
it shouldn't be pai  pan
What was the technique
car
nonoka
dare
ya-
re
[music]
There were several 104-kilometer recruits without equipment. I
invited three of them to the star as a
giant.
Then you've neglected your arms, and now
you can become giants It
's not such a convenient thing
to come to our popularity The beast giant is the cause of the commotion this time
I made a giant in the wall When I returned to humans I
remember who sent it I haven't had 5 years with an electric chew I wonder if it
was your companion I
don't even remember I don't live  If you give me,
Crysta has it, and it's in demand.
Fester I don't really need it for us
.
Prove it.
You're living with your children from today.  Sama is the one who truly succeeds the
great successor We just don't do it if we are the one who succeeds the great
successor tan
This is the origin of
someone's obedience
goo Hamster  I met you when
I wasn't there now I knew right away
You're the same as
me  Hercy
revealed that I could have expected
[Music]
me
Job
I'm okay with the giant on the road I shook my head because of
me
They're absolute power I've helped give you to them I've been on your side no matter
what they do to help me next to me
Ah ah ah
me
Parents  I'll bring
you back me y I'll return immediately Procedure
car
car I'll
leave my brother Ueda City
san ni I'll give you four people  I wonder if I
'll put a
button on it Ah me It does
n't mean that it's a giant, ah
, thank you for being with me
[Music]
Buttero, who's stuck under the coordinates and the worst one
Berthold
Pop
m  e
Ymir doesn't know the sea of action taken
The giant in armor doesn't bring any more
[music
] and don't do it as a souvenir outside Pig On the other hand,
the inhabitants of Rose are in the ball c 7th place 9 underground  It wasn't Ehren who forced the giants to evacuate to the city. It
was
n't Ehren
who was invited by the tea master who appeared this time.
]